Hi, everyone.
In this lecture, we're going to bring to the screen the access key.
All right, so in the last lecture, we have successfully accessed the key, but what what what I want
to do is whenever we click on the we get an uppercase A right.
And the reason for that is in here in the values, everything is uppercase.
Right.
But if you want to make sure that all the inputs on the screen there are lowercase, the default, final
thing that you can do here is just add a string method, which is to lower.
Case, that's it.
So if I click on this, we are going to go.
We are going to get a small letter, a small case, a so now let's go ahead and let's apply the program
logic.
Whenever we click on anything besides these keys, we want to apply some logic to control the flow of
this program.
That's why we have studied investments.
So if I go ahead and if I click here, we can see that Canaveri, property of two, lower case of undefined,
because in the previous lecture we saw how whenever you're not clicking on the keys, you're going to
get undefined and undefined, which is a data type.
Doesn't have to lower case method, OK?
It doesn't have to lower case method because it's undefined.
It can say cannot read property on to lower case of undefined at this point.
Right at this point.
So to be able to prevent this, to prevent this error from ever happening, we should provide some sort
of program logic control.
So we are going to say, if so, before writing this statement, I'm going to tell you what is it that
we want to do?
So we are going to say if the thing that we have clicked on is not.
The value of the part of the object, we do not want to move forward, we just want to terminate the
program right there.
Right.
It means that whenever we are not clicking on the key itself, which is the value, if we are not clicking
on it, I hope you are getting the hand.
If we are not clicking on it, do not proceed with the program.
So if we are not clicking on it, we are just going to use our not and selector.
Right.
So this is the not sorry, the not operator.
And we are going to say if it is not the value for the path for the event object, do what?
Just go ahead and return.
I mean, we don't have curly braces here because this is just one word.
So this is this is logical.
You can do this if there is only one return, Keywell, you don't have to provide the parentheses,
the curly braces for the if statement.
Right.
So what does this logical operator does this logical operator or first evaluates this condition and
then it multiplies the condition by in negative?
So if we are not clicking on the key, if we are not clicking on the key, then return.
It means just wrap up everything.
So if I if I do not click on the key.
So let's go ahead and let's save it.
If that path, that value is.
They're going to grab the first index and we're going to say for each the first index.
All right, we still get our air, but this ever happens before this if statement, I can I can, like,
show you how this works, actually.
So I'm just going to go ahead and consider the like two plus two.
And when I save it and when I click here, you guys can see that this two plus two has not been locked
to the console because the program has been terminated here right before the IF statement.
And this error comes from after just line number 13.
So this is line number 13.
So if we were to click just trash this, if we were to click on the key, we should be able to two by
two.
We should be able to see two by two equal to four.
And this is over four.
So unless we click on any key, this the code that comes after this, if statement is not going to run.
So let's come in this one out.
Let's click on this.
We are going to see for click here.
We are not going to see anything.
So if it is if it is something that we are we have been clicked on it.
What do we want to do?
First off, let's go ahead and let's capture it.
What is it that we want to capture?
It's basically this thing.
And we are going to say key collect.
And we are going to capture this, so we are now the result of this is always going to be a letter and
we are going to save it inside the key collect variable.
And then what I want to do is I want to get our text area and I want to add a value to it.
And where does the value is going to come?
It is going to come from the key collect variable and that's it.
There is one more thing missing, but I have to show you how this works to be able to show you how where
that one thing is.
So if I click on this, we are going to click on the double click CWG edge.
You why we are going to see space.
So let's bring the body down.
You're going to see space for this space to see X, Z, S and A and W.
And, you know, the problem with this is whenever we click a key, the previously clicked key is going
to be overwritten by the current the key.
All right.
So we still have these here.
So let's say we want to write out.
For example, like book, so be when I click on the oh, we are going to see that the O replaces the
P.
And when I click on the another O, because both of them are O, it doesn't show.
But when I click on the K, we are going to see that this O has been replaced by K, so how can we remove
this problem and we just add a plus sign to it.
So we say whenever we say whenever the key is clicked, we want to add on to the value of the text area.
We don't want and we don't want this to be valid, to be the value of the text area.
We want to add on to the value of the text area.
All right.
And so now let's go ahead.
Let's save this.
So now let's go ahead and let's write B and now when I click O, it is going to add it onto the B and
when I click another oh it is going to add it on to the the previous O and now we can write book is.
Here.
And now with key word, we could just say, seriously, seriously, if I can spell it out, is it correct?
I think so.
Seriously?
All right.
So this is going to be it for this project.
See you guys in the next one.